
This is a comedy/drama with a strong theme of rebellion. The story is about a monk, an altruistic zoologist, a tough leader, and a technician. It starts in a small city. The crux of the story involves the making of a meal.
The story is about a CEO. It takes place in a manufacturing city in Afghanistan. The critical element of the story is a compromise. The changing role of women in cultures plays a major role in this story.
The story is about an exorcist who is constantly visited by a minor. It takes place in a small city in South Africa. The differences between laws from country to country plays a major role in the story.
This is a natural disaster with an emphasis on temptation. The story is about an advertising executive. It starts in a galaxy-spanning technocracy. The issues of genetic engineering and its effects on business is a major element of the story.
This is an epic about happiness. The story is about an aggravated necromancer who is constantly annoyed by a merchant. It takes place in a village in Australia. The story climaxes with a betrayal. The fact that space may be the last frontier is a major part of this story.
This is a tale of personal transformation. The story is about an architect and a king who was once married to a psychologist. It starts in a private club in a dark fiefdom. The story begins with temptation and ends with someone pretending to be someone else. A spell being cast at the right time plays an important role.
The story is about an introverted hunter. It starts in a magical universe. The story begins with travel and ends with a surgery. A conflict between magical races plays an important role.
This is a tragedy with an emphasis on how life is a funny thing. The story is about an optimistic singer with big dreams. It takes place in a slaughterhouse in a lost domain. The story begins with an elopement, climaxes with an accident, and ends with a murder. The spread of new diseases in a global age plays a major part in this story.
The story is about an alliance of newscasters. It takes place in a solar-system-spanning divine. The issues of cybernetics and its effects on society is a major element of the story.
The story is about a frustrated plumber and a college student. It starts in an outpost on a sunless planet. The critical element of the story is someone putting on make-up.
